docs: deepen threat-modeling guidance and framework landscape (#31)
ossf/security-assessments: guidance/background/threat-modeling/dread-technique.md

| **Affected Users** | Which users does this attack impact? | No users = 0<br>All users across privilege levels = 10 |
| **Discoverability** | How easy is it to discover? | Difficult to discover = 0<br>Easy to discover = 10 |

> DREAD framework eases the threat treatment by putting a number value to the threats in a criteria that novice professionals are also familiar with and could articulate, thus limiting the barrier to entry. While the framework looks seemingly simple, accurate analysis in complex ecosystems needs extensive information security expertise with up-to-date knowledge in the domain. The simple appearance is itself a hazard: a junior reviewer can produce confident-looking scores that mislead the rest of the team. Treat the numbers as discussion prompts, not as ground truth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DREAD framework eases the threat treatment by putting a number value to the threats in a criteria that novice professionals are also familiar with and could articulate, thus limiting the barrier to entry. While the framework seems simple, accurate analysis in complex ecosystems needs extensive information security expertise with up-to-date knowledge in the domain. The simple appearance is itself a hazard: a junior reviewer can produce confident-looking scores that mislead the rest of the team. Treat the numbers as discussion prompts, not as ground truth.
```
